Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hello.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can you hear me.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah, I can hear you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. I, for some reason, my videos, not starting
Right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Video Logitech
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, I know. Hang on one sec, I had to do this yesterday, for some reason, have to unplug it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And plug it back in.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Jill. I am a nurse practitioner.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm just going to turn out a little bit here.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Excuse me, I live currently in Arizona, but I used to live there in Ohio, up until a few months ago, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You still live in Columbus think that's where you're at. Correct.
Krista Forby-Hunter: No, I'm in Somerset.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so you're is that what is that
Krista Forby-Hunter: About both are like
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, okay, nice. Okay, so, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what I do is I see via you know telemedicine like this, our initial appointment will just be the two of us, but then going forward.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You'll be in groups with other patients from Ohio and myself. And we'll also have a therapist in the group. We meet once a week. And I'll tell you a little bit more about that as we go on. Um, but it's really cool. So we get to learn a little bit about each other as
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The week's go on and you know you'll learn more about me and I'll learn more about you. I am still a licensed in Ohio. Those just so you'll know know I spent 30 years of my nursing career there.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But like I said, Now I'm not here in Arizona, because I got tired of the cold and the snow.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So can you tell me just a little bit about yourself.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Well, so you live in Somerset.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have children.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah, I have two boys and a girl 12 and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are they at school right now because of the
Krista Forby-Hunter: Virus. Yeah, yeah, they
Jill Beavers-Kirby: driving you crazy yet.
Krista Forby-Hunter: How my son is with my grandmother and then I got my daughter.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And does your daughter.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How old is your daughter.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Whoa, oh so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: She's she act like a teenager yet.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yes, that's why she's never word. She's a little mini me through boy.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I had all boys, so I didn't have to deal with a teenage girl and and mom everything so hopefully
Krista Forby-Hunter: Very you guys get along that so it can be challenging. We get along, good, but I just can't. It's scary. Yeah, I'm voice Arabia.
Krista Forby-Hunter: I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know i i agree with you i believe i i think so, listening to my friends to elders. Yeah, I think, raising boys was a lot easier.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you working
Krista Forby-Hunter: No. Currently I'm not what
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you, how long have you been off work.
Krista Forby-Hunter: For a long time, it's like five or six years. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you on disability or how do you support yourself.
My boyfriend.
Krista Forby-Hunter: I got nothing come
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I saw a male behind you. I was at him.
Yeah.
Krista Forby-Hunter: I felt like, yeah, I was like, I will. I literally like just woke up and was like Crap, like I got my appointment so nobody in the house knew what was going on.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You made it. That's what's important is that you know you're here now. So I'm this is my Mia. She's been separate I'm trying to make a filter so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You might she's coughing, you might hear a call from the background. She's having a rough day so she's got really bad lungs. So, um, so I see you smoke.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah. Have you been smoking.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Since I was like 1314 okay
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Like a day have pack a day or hope. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Any thoughts about pointing that anytime soon or not right now.
Krista Forby-Hunter: I'm not thought about that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what brought you to write heart.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Um, I just
Krista Forby-Hunter: One. A friend of mine, she goes to you guys and referred me to you. And I've just been having issues for
Krista Forby-Hunter: I don't know.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Literally like
Krista Forby-Hunter: Seven, eight years and I'm just tired of it and on and off.
Krista Forby-Hunter: You know,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I need to do something different.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Or new food chain. Like, I mean, I'm a lots changed already in the last several months, but I still got, you know, I mean,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Good change or bad change.
Good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's good. What kind of good change.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Out so I can talk to. This is my doctor out
Krista Forby-Hunter: Sorry.
I
Krista Forby-Hunter: Did it without it.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Um, but, no, I am
Krista Forby-Hunter: It was
Krista Forby-Hunter: Literally like Halloween Eve. I quit using opiates or altogether. But I've been having to buy Suboxone on the streets. Okay. So it sounds like
Krista Forby-Hunter: And I have legal issues. So I'm may have haven't Suboxone and my cell phone and not having the shipping forum is like threatening to put me in jail so
Krista Forby-Hunter: But it's like, I mean I'd rather you know what I mean. The alternative
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You're not going to get the Suboxone in jail. So let's do this. You can get it and stay out of jail.
Right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, you said you quit on you either what
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Were. What was your
Krista Forby-Hunter: What was it, I'm sorry.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What was your drug that you were doing.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Heroin heroin and how much we
Krista Forby-Hunter: Um, oh gosh, I don't even know at least like a half gram a day. That's because I broke it down.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, when you give it up on in October.
Krista Forby-Hunter: I actually went to jail. And when I got out. I was just done my mom. She died October 4 so like when I got out of jail, it was just like, I want you know what I mean. What stopped on mom type thing.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm sorry to hear that. This pastor
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah, sorry.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What did she passed away from
Krista Forby-Hunter: She went in her sleep. Our we don't exactly know um well I want girl knows I just never asked you guys, but I think it was a her heart just gave out. She was also an attic and she was. I mean, she was in recovery shoes sober for a couple months and then she just
Krista Forby-Hunter: Sleep.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Like that she was always scared to go to the doctor. So, and she had all kinds of issues as it was because I mean she has been struggling with addiction for since I was probably about 12
Krista Forby-Hunter: So,
Krista Forby-Hunter: But she had a bad heart bad blonde bad, you know, everything was, she was always scared because she didn't want to hear something bad.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I mean like that can be you know her.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Is her father still alive.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah, he he's
Krista Forby-Hunter: In my life but he actually lives here in Somerset. And I just, he's a little
Much. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Not a problem.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I guess you did, you're like detox. Then in jail and October.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That must have been really hard.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah, it was, it was extremely hard i and i there for again.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Oh my gosh, like almost a month and it just makes it worth being stuck behind four walls, you know, I mean, but yeah. Maybe another time that I was made it easier when I got out to this.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Walk away from
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, good. So you get boxing on the street and now I hear that online, that's not uncommon. So I'm, you know, I'm not gonna say anything about that. I'm just glad you're
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Here now so that we can help get you through the process and, you know, do it the correct way so you don't have to face anymore.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, legal trouble. So if
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You take any other medicines like anything prescribed by a doctor or anything.
Krista Forby-Hunter: I guess Sarah will go off and rescue them. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And what do you take the Seroquel for
Krista Forby-Hunter: Sleep.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And what do you take the so long for
Krista Forby-Hunter: Anxiety or no that'd be anxiety or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you take
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Burden for
Krista Forby-Hunter: I have no idea.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: There's a few different things that can prescribe it for
Krista Forby-Hunter: For them.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Probably
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you been on these medicines.
Krista Forby-Hunter: For a couple months I. Well, actually they started me on Zoloft when I was in jail. So I've been on that since November but then everything else is just been last few months, but
I
Krista Forby-Hunter: stopped taking on. I don't know why, like idiot and I just started taking them again time so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you feel better when you take them.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yes, and that's unlike we'd like I don't know like I was just in this big funk. Yeah, and sounds like maybe it's not take my meds.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Better. But yeah, I'm only like day five in the taking the meds again. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So yeah, it'll take a couple of weeks to get those medicines, up to a solid stable in your bloodstream. So, you know, stay on them.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: keep taking them every day. Like, you should. And we'll be right that over time and her that I'm okay with them in case we need to make any judgments or, you know, family doctor anybody. Um, so we'll be keeping an eye on that too. Okay.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You ever felt like you want to hurt yourself in any thoughts of suicide or homicide or
Krista Forby-Hunter: No. No. Okay. Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you ever had any, sir.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Um, yeah, I had my tonsils removed when I was two and then I've had to Syrian okay
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Or you can
Krista Forby-Hunter: Say my allergic any medicine.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah. Not that I'm aware of.
Krista Forby-Hunter: That's not a medicine. He said, grass.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Thing.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That are sensitive any medicine, you know, some people say for upsets my stomach. Do you have any like sensitivities to end of the medicines.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Know where that is.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah, not that. Oh.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, so you feeling today. No problems, you don't have any cold symptoms right nipples sneezes nothing
Krista Forby-Hunter: No. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How much of the boxes were you taking
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Each day
Krista Forby-Hunter: And when I get to a day. So like if I have was I feel like crap or can't sleep. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So if you had three a day would you take three day if you got your hands on three, you think, or do you think to a day.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Um, I don't know. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So there's a couple different ways that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We can start on Suboxone. And so one of the easiest phase. Um, I forgot to ask what i'm sure once
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Molina okay so Molina prefers the film. Is that what you were getting off the street, the film.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah. Okay. All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you can cut them and in half, or you can even cut it in a force. So what I like to do is I'm going to send you some film, you know, a quality and some film and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You're gonna, I want you to feel crappy. I want you to feel like you're in what draw. All right. I want you to, you know, maybe your nose is running your eyes are watering a little bit and I want you to take a half of film.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Then wait about four hours. See how you're feeling, you know, make sure the film and maybe your cheek over here gums, or under your tongue. Make sure it dissolves going up 20 minutes where you start feeling anything about that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I want you to take a half of them, and then you'll wait about four hours, you're going to see how you feel. If you all feel bad crappy
The film. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And that'll be it for the first day.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The second day, um, you know, you're gonna make a half of film. And then you have the second day, see how you feel. If you feel like crap and four hours. The other half, and then you'll see how it goes throughout the day. I will. I'm
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Looking forward, I will send you all the information or one of the care providers will, it will all be wrote out and very easy.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It looks like.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It looks like this.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Look like this. So,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'll say you take, you know, you take a half of film great take the other half way and it'll guide you through like what to do for the first days. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, and that's going to be good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Give me an idea about what you're doing is going to be
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So the number of films that you've been in off the street, that's fine. That's what you've been get through the news and everything.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But now we really want you to start to feel better. We want those cells in your body screaming for their heroin and we want
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It and start taking the Suboxone and be okay with that. So they don't like I said make you feel like crap so you, you just take as much as you need to, where you feel okay
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then we'll discuss that. And that will be your dose. Some people take one normal day. Some people take one film twice a day, you know,
Krista Forby-Hunter: Everybody's different. It's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It has nothing to do with how much you how much drugs, you've taken in the past. It doesn't have anything to do with how long you've been on drugs. It's just how your body is going to break this day.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah. Everybody's got different
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Exactly. Everybody's different. And like I said Molina likes us to use the film instead of the tablets. So that will be what I send them for you.
Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you mentioned a little bit of problem with depression, a little bit of problem with anxiety.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you take the marijuana like recreational or medical
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Any problems with chronic pain.
Krista Forby-Hunter: You know,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And the medicine that you're on for the anxiety that's working well for you right now.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah. Well, it was said again.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Being
Jill Beavers-Kirby: On it. Yeah, I think once we get, you know, get you on a nice steady dose of the Suboxone and get these medicines and I depressant medicines going. I think you're going to start to feel really
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A lot better it's going to take some time though it's not an overnight fix you know it didn't take you, you did get like overnight so I can't fix it overnight. It's going to take a few weeks. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right, so you mentioned a friend that does bright heart health. So hopefully that friend has told you about the group counseling that bright heart health does
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And what that is, it's like I said, a group of people. I'll be there since I'm the one who manages your medication, a therapist will be there. And then there's other people who are like you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: People who have problems with going this just like you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: There, they're going to be at different stages than you, because they've been on Suboxone you know maybe one started two months ago maybe one first started last week.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So there'll be at different stages but everybody's got some really great ideas. Everybody's got a story to tell and so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I think once you hear what other people are going through and what they're managing and what they're running into I believe it will really help you understand that you're not alone in this.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I saw that
Krista Forby-Hunter: leave for work.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But none of the group therapy works because it lets you know that you're not alone. You know, so, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So the grip the therapy, you probably need to know when this is therapy is on Wednesdays. So we had a therapy meeting yesterday and it's at one o'clock. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so you will, you'll get
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A room invitation, just like you did today, you'll log on, just like you did today, and you'll go to this room just like this and you'll see everybody in the room.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And we'll have conversations about how everybody's doing what's what's going, well, what's not going well, what do we need to to what do I need to, you know, do differently to help manage everybody so that they can be their best. Okay.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Okay. What questions do you have
Krista Forby-Hunter: Oh so far. I don't learn
Krista Forby-Hunter: Basically, good to just have it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And I like that you have, you know, somebody that you know going through this
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So that way, that person, you know, can kind of help guide you in case you do have any
Krista Forby-Hunter: Questions or anything. Right. Yes. See, that's some, like, because I was having issues with because I mean we're, we're in the middle of nowhere. Yeah.
Krista Forby-Hunter: And I was having issues with transportation stuff and like, like I kept like talking about, like, man, like I need to get a doctor. I'm willing to travel, you know,
Krista Forby-Hunter: It's not just something you can just stop going. You know what I mean. And I'm like, if I don't get my prescription and when we screwed. And then the only doctors around there within 45 minutes to an hour drive away. And she was like, dude, told me about your though.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That gets tiring every four weeks, you know, having to drive that far.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Yeah, yeah. Like this is genius though. I didn't even know like that they did this. And so she told me about it. I was like,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I know it really works for
Jill Beavers-Kirby: For being out in the boonies so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let me make sure I've got your pharmacy. Correct.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Northside Somerset pharmacy. Yeah, okay.
All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I will call this in or send it electronically. I'll send us in today and you will also like I said get that the instructions on how to start the Suboxone, like I said, we'll start with a half a strip
Jill Beavers-Kirby: When you're in withdrawal when you're feeling like crap and then you'll wait for hours if you still feel bad. You'll take another half a strip. If you're feeling okay then you don't need to take another half
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, I don't know if you've noticed this, but Suboxone can cause constipation.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And if you start getting constipated. Just make sure you're drinking more water more fluids eating, you know, high fiber foods and if it gets to be a problem, let me know and we can do some medication like some stool softener just something for it. Okay. Okay. Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Some people also feel
Jill Beavers-Kirby: As they're coming off of their, you know, their heroin and stuff. They feel nervous or antsy on the inside.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So because of the medicines that you've just restarted taking you might not feel that. But if you do
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A drug that we use to help calm that down during the first few days is a drug called Clonidine, and it's really good for
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Getting that nervousness that empty feeling inside it really helps that to go away. So if you have any of those problems or if you're just feeling like I don't know if it's normal to feel like this or, you know, maybe this is normal. I just don't know. Just contact us.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: In Myself. Me and we can figure out what we need to do to feel bad. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The goal is to get you through this and feeling good, so that you continue this, you know, and then as time goes by and and you get settled into your new normal.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, we'll start making changes to how your how we're doing things. Then, but for right now. We just want to get you in a nice happy place. You know all your medicine doing what it needs to do. And, you know, getting you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Back to how you want to be.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Great. All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I don't have any other questions for me or for you, D and you don't have any questions for me. But like I said, if something pops up, just let me know.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Okay, okay, if you call this and the. Do you want me to start this tomorrow than
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I think would be best because it's a must talk so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah. By the time you get it and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Get started on it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yet could be better to start it tomorrow.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Okay. And then when do I contact you again.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you're gonna start coming to our weekly group meetings.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: On Wednesdays at 10 I'm sorry Wednesdays at one once they've
Krista Forby-Hunter: already read it now. I was headed down again.
Krista Forby-Hunter: One. Yeah, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, like I said anything. If you have any questions, just contact us and we'll get you taken care of.
Krista Forby-Hunter: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right, stay safe. Wash your hands.
Krista Forby-Hunter: I'm you're right. I appreciate you. Thank you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Thank you. You have a good day.
Krista Forby-Hunter: You too. All right.
Bye bye.